what's going on guys you're watching the
text spot on the spot on tech youtube
channel today we're going to be going
over three main topics in our show today
recent changes to Netflix brand new
update coming to the Google's Android
Market and finally saw a brand new
gaming device / phone that is coming to
ATT very soon all right let's head over
to our first topic netflix there's been
lots of rumors going around about
Netflix changing up their whole plan
scheme and possibly separating DVD from
streaming and yesterday they did just
that they announce these brand new plans
to their to the services so if you're
going to if you want dvds and streaming
both in the same planets going to cough
cost you roughly 16 bucks up until now
it's been like 999 I believe correct me
if I'm wrong but so there are a lot of
people are very unhappy about that and
in fact a lot of people are seeing an
unsubscribe and whatnot but you know um
that's going to take effect this
September so people are saying they're
going to unsubscribe come August 31st
and then just going to be done done with
that they're implementing a streaming
only plan with no discs for 799 and and
yeah and if you want the if you want
both the dvds and the streaming is going
to be roughly 16 because the DVD plan is
799 as well as a stream plan of 799 but
they're no longer one single plan which
kind of sucks i'm a netflix user I don't
you streaming that often but when I do
it's very convenient a pull out my iPad
or the iphone put it up on the Apple TV
streaming right there you know very
convenient so probably gonna miss that a
little bit but i think what i'm going to
do is I'm going to download downgrade to
a DVD only plan because i don't use
streaming that often but it kind of kind
of sucks that they're doing that a lot
of people going to unsubscribe if your
netflix user what are you going to do
let us know in the comments below
alright let's move over to our second
topic today google is going to be
updating the android market app on
phones adding movies and books tabs as
well i'm looking at a picture right here
right up on the screen and it looks a
lot like the windows 7 interface um I'm
not an apple fanboy or anything but a
lot of when Apple stole the notification
system from Android which they
completely date I totally noticed that
they did do that android was all the
android fans were all mad and everything
but then here comes Android stealing
windows phone 7 similarities and stuff
like that and you know who really came
out first iOS was the first one android
is a great system I like both I'm not a
fanboy either either side I'm just
stating my opinion but if she's looking
at the picture here the whole tiles look
is very much like Windows Phone 7 and
reading in the comments down below on
this website a lot of wonderful and
seven fans are complaining that they
copied and so so on and so forth but you
know that's technology it's gonna happen
you know is my personal opinion copying
is bound to happen sometime if they want
to keep up with the competition um but
moving on they added movies they're
adding movies and books tabs to it so
you're getting for one thing I'm going
to be able to start watching movies
almost instantly and you can rent books
as well check out the link in the
description below for full article on
that um also video down below as well
too oh this is going to be rolling out
to android 2.2 and above very soon but
you can go ahead and get an early
download from the description box below
if you're feeling if you're feeling
brave so go ahead and check that out our
third and final subject today is a brand
new gaming device / phone coming to ATT
and that's going to be the sony ericsson
xperia play with Gingerbread no one
really knew about this but 18g just
announced not i press release or
anything just very casually that they
are going to sell a sony ericsson xperia
play phone which is basically what what
they're calling the PSP phone so it's
going to run a lot of Sony different
different they're gonna have a this
thing called Xperia Play it's going to
be I guess you're trying to compete with
like that gains in the App Store and
whatnot what it's going to be running
Android Gingerbread and
is going to have controls just like the
PSP except there's not going to be a
joystick and what I'm seeing this
picture you can go check that down in
the link below the description box below
for all of the links um it's going to be
4g hspa+ compatible up to 21 maybe if
it's down per second so yeah without
that not that I'm not going to complain
it's going to be available in two
different models the black model and a
blue model um it's going to help have a
1 gigahertz Qualcomm Snapdragon trip
chip with a 4-inch display and as always
go in the description box below and
check out the pictures and the full
article on that and other 18t news the
HP TouchPad 4G was released and if you
want to see hands-on video for that like
I said before just check the description
box below and we'll link you to that
there anyways just let me know what your
thoughts are in this video rate comment
and subscribe are you going to
unsubscribe from netflix now that
there's a completely different pricing
plan let me know because I don't think I
am but if you are I'd like to hear your
feedback and I'd like to hear why so
please tell me that leave your questions
comments and feedback in the comments
section below and I'll see you guys
tomorrow for another episode of the text
spot thanks for watching